Well now we go with the
Swiss rudiments I'll start with one
which is equal to the plant times backwards
been flat and is
on the left
this is the plan let's go connection berger
number 25 that is only are blows of
right as if they would have changed like that
to the left
but in
of these there will be a rock
land
i
then the dredging continues which is very
similar to those who do not know the
for ski free
he is a stopped
well dredging is very similar
only that the first goal but we're going to
give double
is
and now well
this is the team traga we are going with
what is called 5
whitmill that is
what
a pudding
with the right forehand strong another
right left right and then
Y
yes
up here are the Swiss yields
now if you can study with your
metronome that is this
that's going to be very helpful with this
metronome you will be able to take the
speed to go studying the
movements at a constant time because
the time that one imagines is not the same
have the real time the metronome is
very important to study and here you can
slow down faster
and so you can go checking in
forgiveness daily
how much you advance in terms of speed
and that will also give you more security
when playing and more stability in time